[DependencyInjection] update service_container.rst (#17051)
symfony/symfony-docs: service_container.rst

``SiteUpdateManager`` the first (``site_update_manager.superadmin``) will be passed.

> If you want to pass the second, you'll need to :ref:`manually wire the service <services-wire-specific-service>`.
> 
> Another solution is to add another id ``site_update_manager.superadmin`` followed by
> a variable name matching the one you use when doing the injection::

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If you want to pass ``site_update_manager.superadmin``, you'll need either to :ref:`manually wire it<services-wire-specific-service>`
or to create a named autowiring alias.
```

(named autowiring alias should link to service_container/autowiring.rst, then, the example is not needed)

.. configuration-block::

    .. code-block:: yaml

        # config/services.yaml
        services:
            # ...

            # this is the service's id
            site_update_manager.superadmin:
                class: App\Service\SiteUpdateManager
                autowire: false
                arguments:
                    - '@App\Service\MessageGenerator'
                    - '@mailer'
                    - 'superadmin@example.com'

            site_update_manager.normal_users:
                class: App\Service\SiteUpdateManager
                autowire: false
                arguments:
                    - '@App\Service\MessageGenerator'
                    - '@mailer'
                    - 'contact@example.com'

            # Create an alias, so that - by default - if you type-hint SiteUpdateManager,
            # the site_update_manager.superadmin will be used
            App\Service\SiteUpdateManager: '@site_update_manager.superadmin'

            # If you type-hint SiteUpdateManager
            # for a ``$normalUsers`` argument is detected.

>             App\Service\SiteUpdateManager $normalUsers: '@site_update_manager.normal_users'

Reviewer 2: @nicolas-grekas can you confirm? TBH I never heard/saw such thing.

Should we add it to the docs?

Thanks

Reviewer: yes, it's a named autowiring alias, and it's good to tell about it indeed
that being said, we have the `service_container/autowiring.rst` that already explains what they are.
I think the example should be removed and replaced by a link to that page.
